Let me put it this way, I asked Li for help before, but you are not going to help me anymore.
What's the deal? Why haven't I heard of it?
But now I'm asking for help,
Shouldn't I say what gift to give?
What? Did I tell you any gifts? No.
No matter what, they are all the third young ladies of the Jiang family.
The shot is being expanded? Wait.
What's the matter? I still need to eat.
Miss Sheng, do you know Jiangbei Prison?
I happen to know a few people who work there.
They said that Jiangbei Prison is already the best and most humane prison in Linjiang Province.
But if you have lived a wealthy and prosperous life and are imprisoned,
That makes each other even more uncomfortable
no mom
I seem to have heard
The CEO and his wife of Shen Group are imprisoned in that prison, right?
Are they used to living there?
you need to know
That's a place with three religions and nine schools of thought
If someone from inside bullies him every now and then,
That's not good. How dare you?
After collecting and delivering things at the front, you will always be there to beg me.
Auntie just said that whoever you want please come and beg me.